bhjkhfkalsdklsjdlkauerihjcncmytjrlcmslkdj.  And you... shall never see the light of another day.  ...Adieu...
Zazu:  Didn't your mother ever tell you not to play with your food?
Scar:  What do you want?
Zazu:  I'm here to announce that King Mufasa is on his way. ...So you'd better have a good excuse for missing the ceremony this morning.
Scar:  Oh now look, Zazu; you've made me lose my lunch.
Zazu:  Hah! You'll lose more than that when the King gets through with you. He's as mad as a hippo with a hernia.
Scar:   Oh... I quiver with fear.
Zazu:   Now Scar, don't look at me that way... HELP!
Mufasa:  Scar! ...                   
Scar:    Mm-hmm?












































3Scar:    Temper, temper. I wouldn't
dream of challenging you.
Zazu:    Pity! Why not?
Scar:  Well, as far as brains go, I got the lion's share. But, when it comes to brute strength  ...I'm afraid I'm at the shallow end of the gene pool.
Zazu:  There's one in every family,
sire... Two in mine, actually.  And
they always manage to ruin special
occasions.
Mufasa: What am I going to do with him?
Zazu:   He'd make a very handsome throw rug.
Mufasa:  Zazu!
Zazu:   And just think! Whenever he gets dirty, you could take him out and BEAT him.

Simba:  And this will all be mine?
Mufasa:  Everything.
Simba:  Everything the light touches. What about that shadowy place?
Mufasa: That's beyond our borders. You must never go there, Simba.
Simba:  But I thought a king can do whatever he wants.
Mufasa:  Oh, there's more to being king than... getting your way all the time.
Simba:  There's more?
Mufasa:  Simba... Everything you see exists together, in a delicate balance. As king, you need to understand that balance, and respect all the creatures-- from the crawling ant to the leaping antelope.
Simba:  But, Dad, don't we eat the antelope?
Mufasa: Yes, Simba, but let me explain. When we die, our bodies become the grass. And the antelope eat the grass. And so we are all connected in the great Circle of Life.





